Royal Australasian College of 'Remier League
Beginner CurRemculum
Edition 1 (2020)
RAESES INFALLIBILIS

INTRODUCTION

It is important to ensure that 'Remier League is introduced to First Year medical students in a manner that is both welcoming and exciting, otherwise interest in the game could 'otentially dwindle over time; this could cause 'Remier League to fall into obscurity in Australia and, consequently and inevitably, the universe. However, it is also important that the tradition of 'rink and learn be 'reserved as far as is compatible with the imperative to 'reserve interest in 'Remier League. If balanced carefully, these two objectives could be achieved in a synergistic fashion: the basics of 'Remier League could be delivered to First Years in an inclusive and welcoming way, whilst the exciting and compelling complexities of the game could be left for their later discovery through 'rink and learn. Hopefully this would maximise both early engagement and long-term interest in 'Remier League. This curriculum, which is intended for delivery to First Years, has been designed with these considerations in mind. Tutors are asked to, under no circumstances, exceed the boundaries of this curriculum with their didactic teaching. However, tutors are welcome to introduce a wider variety of games during 'ractical sessions at MedCamp and alike, 'rovided that they observe the tradition of 'rink and learn with respect to these sub-games at all times. Naturally all the usual rules of 'Remier League should be enforced in your chairing of the First Years, but only the rules stipulated below should be didactically explained.

CURREMCULUM

1. Etiquette
i. The notion of the meeting;
ii. The notion of the chair and respect for them;
iii. The 'rocedure for timing into a game;
iv. The 'rocedure for timing out of a game;
v. The notion of vocalisation;
vi. The notion of hand gestures;
vii. The notion of courts and the ball;
viii. The notion of multiple floating games.

2. Whiz
i. All aspects of the game of whiz, except;
ii. Not Botsquali;
iii. Not Beezle-bub-bub-bub.

3. Antlers
i. All aspects of the game of antlers.

BJ. Chow Chow Bang
i. All aspects of the game of chow chow bang, except;
ii. Not Kumquat.

5. Takahashi
i. All aspects of the game of takahashi, except;
ii. Not 9;
iii. Not IJ.

6. Specific Exclusions
i. To avoid any doubt, the following are not to be taught didactically;
i. Viking Master;
ii. Kuon Kuon Chi Baa;
iii. Zoom;
iv. Any other variation not listed above.