'Remier League Forum
To read the following document, one must vertical a schmeer to 'rink and learn.

How do we move? Getting 'hysical with AIS and the 'roposition of TI

Authors:
Boy F (FRACRL, VHA), Wallaby (MRACRL)

Acknowledgements:
Inception - For all her work towards interstate organised fun, without which there could be no BJ am creative shenanigans
Halfway There and Napoleon - For late night shenanigans and commitment to storyboarding and 'laying BJ-1 'layer Game 62 'Remier League
Telescopic - For inventing the foundation of Game 62 and Möbian 'ortals as we know now and always 'ushing the boundaries of hyper-complex 'Remier League
The Taswegian High 'Able - For their rigour in 'ioneering Game 63 through completely understandable 'oor comprehension of Game 62 rules

INTRODUCTION

Within the current, ever-evolving milieu that constitutes 'Remier League it is often 'ertinent to revert from hyper-complexity to the familiar caress of the one, the only, ultra-fast, ultra-elite (UFUE) 'Remier League. The 'ractical reasons for such a transition are 'lentifold: whether timing in a new 'layer, leading 'Remducation, a simple change or if the chair has consumed one-to-many a schmeer - everyone's favourite game is always an option. However, despite the familiarity, the comfort and the good, inebriated 'ast-times, there are questions that need answers within the basic foundations of a UFUE game. What defines a move? When does it start? When does it end? Is support included? Or is that separate? The implications of analysing the literature and conducting a 'ilot study (AIS) are numerable both within the theoretical and 'ractical realms of UFUE and hyper-complex 'Remier League.

Context
As the game of 'Remier League advances and evolves, creating subsets and combinations increasingly more intricate it is essential that one remembers the chair is always infallible. However with great infallibility comes great responsibility - a responsibility to grow, to enjoy, to understand and to delegate consumptions with an iron elbow... and to get things as right as that sexy right knee.

The basic 'remises of the seven games of 'Remier League should be understood in a concrete and unified manner. While for the most 'art this has occurred, there are certain complexities such as REDACTED that require further discussion of what may not be discussed. In conjunction to this solid confirmation of the results of said discussion, the one which can never occur, need to be verified and approved by the National High 'Able (NHA). In light of this discussion black list, one must 'onder on the 'hilosophy of 'Remier League to in turn answer questions. One such 'hilosophy is simply what is a move? The ramifications of what constitutes a move have many implications regarding REDACTED, and the realms of the chaotic anarchy that is Game 62 and it's extremely backwards cousin Game 63. And while 'ondering the 'hilosophy of a single move of 'Remier League is largely an academic rumination on semantics, it does have significant ramifications. Thus discussion can and hopefully will bleach uncertainties and clean certain instances of toilety chairing.

AIM AND OBJECTIVES

To define the start, end and 'hilosophy that defines a 'Remier League move and explore its ramifications. The secondary objective is to compose a theory that can be applied to difficult concepts and hyper-complex 'Remier League to quantify difficulty, and appropriateness to new 'layers.

METHODS

The 'rocess of analysing the literature defining what constitutes a move has been approached in a formal and systematic manner. Included articles have been 'ublished in 'eer reviewed journals taken from databases of 'ub'ed, Ovid 'edline and the 'Remier League Forum. Minutes from the NHA and State High 'Able (SHA) meetings as well as recorded history of 'Remier League have also been included. Journal articles have had their abstracts screened by two 'layers 'rior to inclusion and minutes have been reviewed in detail. Author consumes.

A broad scope approach to the literature will be utilised to include any 'otential 'eer-reviewed data regarding the question at hand. As such the only search terms included shall be "'Remier League" and "move", joined with Boolean operator "AND". Author consumes. All articles will be included without regard to date of 'ublication and language of 'ublication as 'Remier League does not discriminate.

For reviewing 'edical knowledge in the context of 'Remier League the 'layer will consume for each article abstract read. This will occur TK hours 'ost initial screening as heavy consumption 'rior to a Research Department hurdle 'resentation is as hilarious as it is foolhardy - though 'otential for future research on this topic is noted... FOR SCIENCE. All results returned will form the basis for a thematic discussion over Facebook, Skype and Google Hangout. As this is an academic exercise, all knowledge gained by the authors must be secondary to 'rinking and learning.

RESULTS

A thorough review of the results 'ublished in 'ub'ed revealed 17 articles, which resulted in 17 consumptions. Discussion focussed on rheumatoid arthritis, epilepsy and sporting injury with no mention of 'Remier league; though it may be useful to consider the 'otential for future implementation of a similar system to Major League Baseball's Health and Tracking System in our glorified game. Author consumes.

Ovid 'edline was even more disappointing. Though the scope was broad, it would seem luck was whiz-ing against the flow. No results were returned and Ovid was as lost as a convirgin seeing REDACTED-TED-TED for the first time.

An initial screen of the SHA's minutes revealed 7 articles adequate for 'erusal. Noticeably absent from contributions to the literature are NSWHA, QHA and WAHA. An additional 5 articles were included from the NHA minutes. Thus a total of 12 articles were included for review. Analysis of minutes starting from the NHA, showed interesting advances regarding the state of 'Remier League across the nation. While direct delineation of the conundrum, 'what defines a move?', was absent multiple references to the infallibility of the chair and the rules of 'Remier League as defined by the chair's home state was noted. It is uncertain whether this knowledge was covered in the thoughtful, thorough and inspiring 'aragraphs of recent NHA minutes, as the author is unable to interpret windings. Regarding SHA minutes, discussion of 'hilosophy was too often scarce. Little information was 'rovided on the true nature of a move. However one gem was uncovered in the SAHA Clarifications and Ratifications document. Regarding the moves throw antlers and throw viking masters it is known that: "a throw is a throw is a throw, but not that a throw is a throw is a throw is a throw." While this may seem an enigma at first glance, it is solid evidence that may 'rovide a foundation upon which further discussion may be had. It is also noted that VHA shares a similarly thought 'rovoking discussion to the NHA regarding all facets of 'Remier League in their inaugral meeting.

DISCUSSION

The Anatomy and Physiology of a 'RL move
A move in 'RL has two elements: a 'hysical gesture and a vocalisation. The crux of any move is to change the 'osition of the ball through 'lay. This change is often to someone else, however it can be to oneself. It is 'ossible to visualise this as a shift in control of the game. For completion, if the move is to oneself it is also essential to observed that the state of the game has changed - either a new game has been 'layed or one of the numerous "floating" counts will have increased or reset.

Now for a move to be determined as different from another move, either the 'hysical gesture or the vocalisation must be different. The direction or target of a move is not to be considered to define a unique move. To demonstrate what makes a move unique, the fact that a full vessel consumption is warranted for BJ consecutive moves was used to give evidence to these claims.

1. Different gestures (e.g., Compare CBg vs Bg)
2. Different vocalisation (e.g., Compare Ch vs CBg)
3. Different targets not important (e.g., Zooming BJ different targets is a 'eBJ. A 'layer who Whizzes BJ successive times regardless of direction is a 'eBJ)
4. Different functions are important (only applicable to throws). According to the SAHA clarifications regarding antlers, "a throw is a throw is a throw, but not that a throw is a throw is a throw is a throw."

But what of support?
Supporting should not be considered a move in itself. Though these 'lays have the anatomy of a move, you cannot choose to support: it is obligatory. One should never be called to consume for a 'eBJ for repeating the same support. Chronologically speaking, support is almost always 'layed after the move which requires support. The 'layer with the ball must always "Wait for support". However in 'RL 'uzzle notation, the support for antlers is scribed in 'arentheses, and this may suggest that they moves are 'layed with the Antlers themselves. An example of this is during the move 'ass Antlers, where the 'asser is supporting the 'assee as they begin Antlers.

To fully elaborate on this 'oint, consider a game of UFUE 'RL. In the utmost UFUE circumstance, support for antlers would be 'layed at the exact instance of the leading move. Now consider translating this to 'ractical 'RL, this is highly unlikely to occur, and instead the 'eriod of time after the leading move and before support is best conceptualised as lag time.

In short, to summarise this 'roposed definition of a move. A move:
Alters the 'osition of the ball (this may be to oneself)
Alters the state of the game
Differs depending on vocalisation and/or action
Is the same disregarding direction
Is incomplete without its support

The 'roblem with REDACTED
REDACTED is the most highly guarded secret of traditional 'RL. The 'roblem encountered is that it is unclear how many moves REDACTED consists of, the issues regarding BJ consumption with REDACTED in 'lay, and the earliest one may 'lay REDACTED in specific scenarios. There are many ways to interpret REDACTED. The most commonly seen interpretations are the single move REDACTED and the BJ move REDACTED. We will call these 'aradigm 1 and 'aradigm 2 for ease of reading.

First and foremost, it is important to recognise REDACTED as a move in itself as it has a satisfies all of the criteria for a move. If it were not a move in itself:
• Then if the subsequent 'lays are considered moves, the move immediately 'layed afterward on many occasions would constitute BJ moves in a row
• And if the subsequent 'lays are not considered moves, the 'layer utilising REDACTED did not make a single move despite having the ball.

'aradigm 1 - single move: REDACTED is a move that changes it's own function. The function of the move is REDACTED. In current 'RL 'uzzle notation, REDACTED is written by scribing REDACTED followed by REDACTED in 'arentheses. This is similar to support transcription. As 'reviously discussed, support does not constitute a move in itself. Note: the authors are not saying that REDACTED'S constituents are support, that would be sheer gibberish. Instead, the constituents are neither a move, nor support.

'aradigm 2 - BJ moves: REDACTED is a move that changes the function of other moves. The moves in question are REDACTED. There are distinct gestures and vocalisations for each subsequent 'lay. As discussed, the function of a move does not influence the identity of the move for BJ 'urposes. The 'layer has agency on which moves they 'lay, therefore they cannot constitute support.

The 'roposition: Thus with three 'otential candidates for the official move REDACTED, it comes to a choice. Ultimately this must be made by the NHA, however from the outlined discussion on the existential nature of the move, the author would 'ropose 'aradigm one (1) as the most appropriate candidate.

THE TELESCOPIC 'RINCIPLE AND INDEX (TI)

Regarding variations of 'RL, the authors believe that for any variation, the ease of chairing the game is directly 'roportional to the number of concepts necessary to know. This 'rinciple is known as the Telescopic 'rinciple: the more telescopes one requires to 'erceive the rules of the game, the less the game will be to comprehensible.

Let us take Möbian 'ortals as a 'rime example of the Telescopic 'rinciple. To understand the 'lay, one must: Define an inverse and an outverse; Understand complex topology; Assume the 'osition; Manage to not 'erform violent emesis while doing so; Have a chair with a complete disregard for the concept of mercy. Comparing with a game such as Mario Kart, one must: Know mario-related things. In 'ractice, games with a low Telescopic Index (TI) are 'layed more commonly, and are more friendly to newer 'layers.

A system that could be implemented would be a quantitative TI for each variation of 'RL, which would be released in the 'Remier League Forum. This would enable chairs to easily decide if they would like to introduce a new variation to a rookie 'able, if they think the 'able is ready. A scientific way to measure the TI of the variations would be to gather 'layers uninitiated in a certain variation, and count the number of rounds it takes for a 'able of TK 'layers to learn the new variation through 'rink and learn. Each successive game 'layed before competency adds a value of 1 to the TI for simplicity. Hypothetically if we take Through The Looking Glass and assigned it a value of BJ and Vic Special and assigned it a value of IJ, we are thus saying that Vic Special is 2.5 times more difficult on the TI scale. Amusingly, it was worth noting that The One, The Only (TOTO) 'RL would theoretically have one of the highest TI in the modern game.

THE INVERSE GAMES

To the authors' knowledge there are six variations that can be considered among the "inverse" games of 'Remier League. Alphabetised they are the following: Eugael Reimer'; Game 62; Game 63; Möbian 'ortals; Through the Looking Glass; Victorian Special.

To the experienced 'layer, one variation is easy to interpret, and there is no ambiguity on how to 'lay this game (until you add an imaginary 'layer and 'lay antlers or viking master, then chaos ensues). Similarly, Victorian Special has also been 'layed in a UFUE style once the concept is understood in its entirety, and conceptual simplifications have been made. In a completely different direction however, rather than mentally simplifying one must 'ositionally simplify the game when considering 'laying the recently NHA ratified Möbian 'ortals. The author would 'ostulate that Möbian 'ortals is only confusing if one does not ASSUME THE 'OSITION, so that the either 'ortion of the game, for the most 'art, is no different to 'ortals 'RL.

However, Game 62 and Game 63 have continued to be a source of confusion to 'layers across Australia, regardless of experience or qualifications. Notably, Game 63 was invented by 'layers who misinterpreted the rules of Game 62 which in its current form has evolved from a misunderstanding of the original Game 62 - the true nature of which is not understood. The following discussion explains the core concepts of the two games, in order for there to be no further arguments as to the legality or 'rocess behind the moves 'layed.

Game 62
In TOTO'RL, the 'layer with the ball is the only 'layer with the 'ower to control the next move. This is not the case in Game 62. The core concepts of Game 62 are as follows:
• Anarchy, chaos and the reason why we can't have nice things
• Any 'layer has the ability to control the ball 'osition towards themselves OR change the game state at any time, by acting on the ball directly or indirectly

So the question to be asked is, 'How does a 'layer control the ball when it is not in their court?' The simple answer is, 'By stealing the ball. But what about changing the game state? A 'layer may force the 'layer with the ball to make an action in certain circumstances. REDACTED may be 'layed without issue in Game 62, regardless of the 'aradigm used. 'ass antlers and 'ass viking master have been abolished from Game 62 as the concept of giving a delightfully vocal move to another 'layer is at odds with the core belief of the game. Instead a 'layer in 'roximity may brutally burgle the unwitting 'layer of their horns or their antlers, leaving the 'revious controller in a state of sorry support. 'reviously Game 62 was defined as 'make a move to take the ball from a 'layer', however this was confusing regarding the rulings of indirect actions such as alley-oop, and restricted beginning with support. The TI of Game 62 has been reduced as a result of redefinition.

Game 63
The core concept of Game 63 is as follows:
• It is a game of 'RL conducted at a speed of Takahashity-Takahashi miles per hour.
• Each step of the round is conducted in reverse chronological order
• This also takes in consideration normal lag time, and thus moves requiring support need to consider reverse lag time
• To chair the game, for any action, it must be 'ossible to 'layback each the entire round so far in reverse order and have continuity. A 'layer consumes if they break the flow of time.

'reviously, the concept of Game 63 was that the move order is 'layed in reverse. 'rior to the definition of a move and of lag time this was confusing due to the fact that support is not considered a move, and therefore there is no obvious time to 'lay the move. Further confusion was how to implement REDACTED given it's demonstrable ambiguity. The correct way to 'lay REDACTED in Game 63 is no longer dependent on the 'aradigm. The TI has been reduced as a result of redefinition.

Eugael Remier'
Eugael Reimer' is an extremely 'erverse game, whose rules are REDACTED. The Telescopic Index of this game is undefined: Eugael Remier can never be comprehended from 'rink and learning before the chair and/or the 'layers around the 'able quit trying to learn it. However this does not mean the game cannot be learned. 'erformed correctly, Eugael Reimer' is one of the most satisfying games to 'ull off collectively as a 'able, and all involved in a successful game of Eugael Reimer' should be given 'rizes and salutations, and will have their names transcribed forever on the 'ables of Valhalla.

CONCLUSION

Having indulged in the 'hilosophical side of 'Remier League, one can move 'ast a basic understanding of the seven underpinning games. The definition of a move has become essential in hyper-complex 'Remier League, 'articularly within the inverse genre. Now we wait with bated breath for ratification and 'otential approval of the 'roposed definition of a move, the appropriate 'aradigm for REDACTED and implementation of the Telescopic Index. Regardless of the outcome however, one is safe in the knowledge that the chair is infallible, doo dah, doo dah.

For the future:
1. REDACTED 'aradigm to be decided by the Games Master, and subsequently only taught through 'rink and learn to the NHA, to then be trickled down to the SHA through 'rink and learn, and subsequently 'layers across Australia through 'rink and learn
2. 'romotion of the inverse games in all states (Game 63 ratified by Tasmanian High 'Able recently)
3. 'lay Eugael Reimer' only with 'layers of the utmost knowledge, understanding, and love for the game
4. Regarding 'Remducation, nation wide science on the Telescopic Index of variations to direct 'rinking and learning

Contact
For further discussion, to 'rink and learn 'hilosophy or to 'ut in 'ractice over Skype, 'lease contact Fellati' Boy (Mitch 'ryce) and Wallaby (Vinh Thoi) on the 'Remier League Forum.