Relationship of Ethanol Maintenance to Individual Excellence in 'Rem (REMIER) Trial:
A novel trial to evaluate the relationship between SCHMEER induced looseness and 'Remier League 'erformance

Author: Dr L. Ad (FRACRL)
Supervisors: Dr. T.C. Coppafeel (RACP, MBBS, FRACRL), Dr. D. Fag (MBBS, FRACRL)
'Ublished MASH: Majestic Annual SPUDS Handbook, Vol. 2, No. 1, July 2018

ABSTRACT

Background:
A relationship between degree of intoxication due to the medication SCHMEER (Systemic Catalyst for Higher Marked Enthusiasm and Enjoyment in Rem) and 'Remier League 'erformance has long been anecdotally observed. Appropriate doses of SCHMEER with 'Remier League have been known to have significant benefits to both 'hysical and mental health, including increasing life expectancy. However, an objective analysis of this relationship has never been 'erformed, resulting in significant morbidity for 'layers who overdose on SCHMEER.

Question:
Is there a relationship between SCHMEER dose and 'Remier League Skill and, if so, what is the optimal dosage regime of SCHMEER for male and female 'layers?

'Urpose:
To establish an objective relationship between SCHMEER dosage and 'Remier League 'erformance to guide the formation of guidelines regarding safe SCHMEER dosing ranges for male and female 'layers.

Method:
A series of hourly objective cognitive and subjective observational assessments were made of a diverse group (n=21) of 'layers around Australia over a 5-hour research window whilst 'articipants self-administered moderate to high doses of SCHMEER whilst engaging in 'Remier League.

Results:
As SCHMEER dosage increased there was an initial increase in all objective cognitive results which then 'rogressively declined. For subjective 'remier league skill results there was a consistent increase in skill as SCHMEER dosage increased until SCHMEER overdose at which 'oint skill drastically reduced. These results were statistically significant.

Conclusions:
Results demonstrated a clear correlation between SCHMEER dosage, cognitive function and 'Remier League Skill. The Lily Staging System was developed to succinctly summarise the stages of SCHMEER efficacy & overdose. Additionally, as a result of the disastrous consequences of SCHMEER overdose in the 'ast the results were used to create SCHMEER dosage 'rotocols for male and female 'layers to optimise 'remier league skill and long-term health benefits.

INTRODUCTION

Background
The 'ractice of consuming alcohol or SCHMEER (Systemic Catalyst of Higher Marked Enjoyment and Efficiency in 'Rem) in 'otentially inebriating quantities to mark noteworthy occasions is widespread both in Australia medical schools, [Read: Convention] and throughout the world [Read: Oktoberfest, Germany]. In the context of Australian medical schools this consumption is often integrated into the sport of 'Remier League. Some 'layers have 'osited that a relationship may exist between the level of intoxication and the quality of 'lay in 'Remier League, either synergistic or deleterious [Read: anecdotal evidence only - no objective evidence has been collected at time of writing).

As such the objective of this research is multi-faceted. Superficially the objectives are to identify the relationship between looseness & skill in 'remier league in order to objectively confirm the existence of such a correlation. It additionally serves the 'urpose of supplying a stimulus for increased research in this field, supporting this endeavour by supplying a groundwork of data which future research may reference, which is sorely needed. Future research may 'rove essential in setting college bench marks in the annual RACRL (Royal Australasian College of Remier League) examinations.

However, on a deeper level this research could also be used to establish 'rotocols and guidelines for recommended bolus and maintenance doses of SCHMEER to reach CHOW (Complete Harmonisation and Oneness with the World) which is the stage of maximum 'Remier League quality which optimises the health benefits of 'Remier League. Additionally, the doses should be such that the 'layer does not hit the COCK (Collapse of Cognitive Kapabilities) 'oint at which morbidity and mortality associated with SCHMER side effects outweighs the health benefits of 'Remier League. Identifying an optimal rate and volume of SCHMEER consumption would not only decrease the rates of those suffering from COCK and WHOOSH (Wasted Humungous Overdose Of Schmeer causing Harm), but also increase and sustain 'Remier League enjoyment but also have tangible health benefits.

HYPOTHESISED TRENDS

Decades of anecdotal evidence suggest that SCHMEER has a drastic effect on both skill in 'Remier League and cognitive functioning. I.e. that consumption of SCHMEER resulted in a gradual improvement in 'Remier League skill, however could result in rapid deterioration if utilised in excess. Additionally, it is commonly held belief that one of the side effects of SCHMEER is a dose-dependent acute cognitive decline.

As such, our forefathers of eons gone by left us a surprisingly advanced graphical representation of their suspicions in a time capsule that was unearthed from the desolate Mecca of 'Rem (Broken Hill) beneath "The Big Chair" (Federation Way, Broken Hill, NSW, 2880) by the CHAIR during his yearlong 'ilgrimage to this wasteland in 2016.

The following missive was found scrawled on 'archment with the graph: "Thus, it is known, with thine consumption of sweet nectar, 'layers doth rally their mettle & 'lay with the fury of Zeus. Alas, shouldst thou overindulge, thine art be destined for the affliction of lassitude & inadequacy. Yet beware the unworthy 'easant of thin blood, for thine untried mind will be o'erwhelmed by the might of SCHMEER."

As a result of this anecdotal and historical evidence the expectation of the CHAIR for this investigation is that as SCHMEER consumption increases, 'Remier league skill will initially increase. However, once cognition will decrease at an inversely 'roportional rate to SCHMEER and when SCHMEER reaches higher values 'Remier League skill will have a marked decline as the 'layer approaches unconsciousness.

MEDICATIONS USED DURING TRIAL

The only medication utilised in this study was SCHMEER (Systemic Catalyst of Higher Marked Enjoyment and Enthusiasm in Rem) however a wide variety of dosages and formulations were used by 'articipants. However it is essential knowledge to any qualified 'Remier League 'racticioner that all SCHMEER is equal in the eyes of science and that the CHAIR does not discriminate on the basis of beverage (even if it is Victorian Bitter). The core 'harmacology of all beverages remains the same.

Pharmacology: Ingestion of SCHMEER results in improvement of reflexes & net increase in enjoyment -> CHOW
Indications: Low Quality Rem Syndrome, sobriety, celebration
Contraindications: Allergy, 'regnancy, administration with liver enzyme inhibiting 'harmaceuticals
Side effects: reduction of inhibitions, incoordination, slurred speech, inappropriate confidence, diuresis
Complications: COCK (Collapse of Cognitive Kapabilities), WHOOSH (Wasted Humungous Overdose Of Schmeer causing Harm), emesis, loss of consciousness, orofaecalosis.

THE LILY STAGING SYSTEM

In order to create a template on which future SCHMEER effects could be 'lotted the CHAIR created a staging system to objectively assess the cancer that is bad quality 'Remier League.

Stage 1: BOTSQUALI
[Baseline Of Terrible Skill Quasi Associated with Low Inebriation]
The first stage is one of relative sobriety, in which, while maintaining high cognitive functioning, 'Remier League skill is impaired. While BOTSQUALI has its 'urpose, the inhibitions and often low enthusiasm associated with this condition or stage must be medicated with SCHMEER in order to maximise the health benefits and enjoyment of 'rem.

Stage 2: BOUNCE
[Bolus Obviously Unhinging Neuroloosiology Centres Effectively]
This second stage is near-universal, and often found to be enjoyable. The initial bolus dose of SCHMEER has been orally administered resulting in mildly reduced inhibitions, which has a dual function: 1) Improving 'rem skill with more confident and faster reactions and 2) improving cognitive functioning and 'rocessing speed. In this stage objective cognitive tests 'eak and subjective 'Rem skill begins to increase.

Stage 3: CHOW
[Complete Harmonisation & Oneness with the World]
This is the optimum level of function one can hope to attain - a 'rem Nirvana as it were. In stage 3, the level of SCHMEER has reached maximal efficacy, with 'rime levels of looseness. Here 'rem flows naturally and confidence is at an all-time high. However, the side effects of SCHMEER begin to manifest, both the 'ositive (impaired inhibitions) and the negative (impaired balance and diminished cognitive function). This is the target stage, as evidence suggests that increased lifetime exposure to CHOW results in higher mood & life satisfaction. Therefore, the goal of all 'layers should be to utilise boluses of SCHMEER to reach this stage, and once CHOW is attained, SCHMEER utilisation should be moderated to a consistent maintenance dose to optimise time spent in CHOW.

Stage Bon Jovi: COCK
[Collapse of Cognitive Kapabilities]
Ideally, all 'layers should avoid being hit with COCK. This Bon Jovi-eth stage, unsurprisingly associated with that most hateful number, represents collapse of not only cognitive functioning but additionally 'Remier League skill. This is unequivocally due to an overdose of SCHMEER, a sadly common occurrence. It should be noted that if a 'atient hits COCK, then the 'atient never actually went through CHOW at all, but instead was merely experiencing a Temporary Inspired Performance (TIP) which is the first symptom of SCHMEER overdose. Just the TIP, of the COCK, is often 'leasurable and difficult to distinguish from CHOW. However after [the] TIP comes [the] COCK itself, the stage in which the 'atient becomes a burden rather than an asset to the 'able, with low quality, toilety and slurred 'rem results in frequent errors and disruption of the games flow, impairing the enjoyment of others at the 'able.

Stage 5: WHOOSH
[Wasted Humongous Overdose of SCHMEER causing Harm]
WHOOSH is a shameful state. WHOOSH consists of the situation in which a subject surpasses COCK and their SCHMEER overdose is so severe it results in WHOOSH syndrome. The following triad of symptoms are often observed: 1. Violent emesis 2. Loss of consciousness 3. Orofaecalosis onset within 24 hours. WHOOSH's burden of disease is significant. Not only does the WHOOSH 'erpetrator require regular assistance and monitoring which dramatically impacts on the quality of surrounding 'layers enjoyment, but also has a direct negative impact on health both in the short and long term.

CONCLUSIONS & IMPLICATIONS

The REMIER Trial has a dual 'urpose. Its initial 'roposed objective was to 'rove a relationship between 'Remier League Skill and Looseness. The data supports the conventional wisdom that looseness initially improves low sober baseline 'Remier League skill (BOTSQUALI - BOUNCE) before reaching an optimal concentration at which 'Rem skill is highest (CHOW), 'rogressing to generally deterioration in 'rem skill and other functional domains (COCK), sometimes followed by emesis & unconsciousness (WHOOSH). As a result of the REMIER trial there is now clear evidence to support this 'attern, in addition to delineating it via the Lily Staging System.

However, during analysis the 'ractical 'otential of the data for the 'urposes of SCHMEER dosing became apparent. A secondary goal of the research therefore became the identification of the optimal bolus and maintenance doses of the medication SCHMEER for the average 'articipant in order to reach and remain in CHOW whilst avoiding COCK. If these are utilised effectively by the community it will result in significant increases in time spent in CHOW and equally 'rominent decreases in the amount of COCK. This will have a flow on effect of reducing both medical and 'sychological morbidity whilst increasing the life expectancy of the members of the 'Remier League community.

Schmeers,
Lily'ad
CHAIR (Chief Highly Admirable Infallible Researcher)
Masters of 'Rem, FRACRL, NHA, SAHA