The AUSTRALASIAN JOURNAL of 'REMICINE
Spartan Supremacy: A retrospective review of post-COVID cultural shifts in Queensland and the formula for CPC success

Received: February 2025
Dr Frontrunner/Wall MRACRL, FRACRL 2021
QHA 2021-2022
NHÀ Chair 2022-2023
Gold medallist 2022 (Pipps), 2023 (Cascade), 2024 (Pipps and Cascade)
UQ Pipps Captain 2022, 2024
Quickest and Cleanest Pipps 2024
Accepted: With Speed

ABSTRACT
MID: JUUU
NB: The abstract was synthesised using educated guessing by the publisher, post-article acceptance.

BACKGROUND
Skølling is an abstract art.

'URPOSE
Skølling.

METHODS
Years of skølling.

DECLARED CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
Although this is a 'Remier League 'ublication, as CPC is exempt from the stinky numbers and letters in 'Remier League, I WILL be using them in this article, it's up to you to self-chair for your thought crimes.
Author reflections: Rowing history and strategy is an audiovisual medium and needs to be viewed through videos, pictures alone don't really get the message across imo idk that's my opinion sorry for the shitty pics.

ETHICS APPROVAL
The research for this article was gathered via messaging prominent figures in recent CPC history, all historical reports were provided by: Dr Lily 'ad, Dr Grand Budapest, Dr Jackin' Jill, Dr Head-to-Head, Dr Rerose, Dr Goods and Services and myself, Dr Frontrunner/Wall. Hope they approve lol.

RESULTS
More skølling.

CONCLUSIONS
Just read it (but skølling).

ABBREVIATIONS
CPC: What you really don't know what this stands for?

INTRODUCTION
Cascade and Pipps is the premier national intervarsity boat racing competition for medical students, which takes place at schmAMSA National Convention each year. The races are divided into a mixed-gender Cascade race of 8 members and a women's and/or gender-diverse Pipps race of 4 members. Each participant must sequentially skøll a 285mL cup (Genfac) in a quick and clean manner. Judged by 3 esteemed rowers from a mixture of states, the teams face off in a knockout tournament to achieve ultimate glory. It's no secret that UQ has had a recent chokehold on this sport. Their fascination for beer and desire to binge drink is clear; but why is it particularly attractive in the form of a 285mL cup in a speedy fashion?

AIMS & OBJECTIVES
1. To reflect on CPC history and its relationship to Convention, and understand why Queenslanders crave and excel in competitive rowing post-COVID.
2. To provide recommendations for skølling improvement.

PRE-HOBART BACKGROUND

2012: The Convention Cup and the Emergence of a Divide
CPC had long been an integral part of AMSA's National Convention culture, celebrated for its camaraderie, competitive spirit, and unique traditions. Adelaide had undoubtedly monopolised CPC by organising the event, and consistently destroying the competition. Potential rowers were put through rigorous weekly training and selection processes, where the average time required to be a Convention skøller was 2.1 seconds.

At Perth Convention in 2012, AMSA introduced the "Convention Cup" over concerns for alcohol-related behaviour. This initiative aimed to shift focus toward academic and professional activities. Despite these efforts, many delegates, particularly Adelaide University, resisted the change. Adelaide won the inaugural Convention Cup, only to publicly proclaim CPC as the premier intervarsity competition, undercutting AMSA's intentions.

2015: The First CPC Ban and the Rise of Grassroots Organisation
The 2015 Melbourne Convention marked a turning point when AMSA officially banned CPC from its timetable, one month out from the event, after citing concerns over its association with problematic behaviour and alcohol culture. This decision, driven by AMSA leadership, sparked widespread backlash. Despite the ban, an unofficial CPC event was hastily organised, relying on grassroots efforts and alumni support. The event thrived, drawing significant attendance and reaffirming CPC's importance to the medical student community. This period also marked the emergence of a protest movement within CPC, defined by anti-AMSA (now called schmAMSA) chants and a sense of rebellion. Alumni and student leaders played pivotal roles in sustaining CPC during this transitional period, organising events independently of AMSA.

2016-2018: A Fragile Balance
From 2016 to 2018, Convention organisers managed to strike a delicate balance. While AMSA maintained its stance against CPC, supportive individuals within the organising teams allowed the culture to persist unofficially. The events flourished during this time, aided by proactive efforts from CPC advocates, particularly those from the University of Adelaide. Highlights included the relaxed but vibrant CPC held in Townsville (2016) and the expensive and controversial 2017 Sydney Convention CPC, where Monash Cascade gained notoriety for protesting perceived unfairness from the Judges by pouring beer over themselves and forfeiting matches. By 2018 in Perth, CPC had grown more structured, with stronger organisation and practices spearheaded by key players from Monash and other universities.

Monash began taking the sport more seriously after 2018 Convention under the helm of Cascade Captain Grand Budapest, utilising the spreadsheet, revamping the CPC Facebook page, and distributing regulation cups to encourage training (Fig 1). They aimed to overcome the gatekeeping of CPC from Adelaide Uni. Without the support from AMSA, and Convention culture waning, it was clear that a yearly event was not enough to sustain interest in boat racing. 'Rem events were the new arena to perform. Inspired by Monash, a similar reinvigoration was occurring at UQ in early 2019 under the hype and leadership of Pipps Captain, Jackin' Jill. A new Facebook group to share memes, inspiration and organise training was created, and thus began UQ's ascension (Fig 2).

HOBART
2019: Escalating Tensions and the Last Stand in Hobart
The 2019 Hobart Convention brought the CPC and AMSA conflict to a head. Under pressure from AMSA's executive board, the organising team, usually supportive of CPC, took a strong anti-CPC stance, implementing strict security measures and prohibiting unofficial activities. Delegates faced heavy-handed restrictions, including bans for engaging in drinking games and even standing in groups. Despite these obstacles, CPC persisted with one of its most defiant events to date. An alliance between CPC and 'Remier League formed to ensure its survival, with significant financial and logistical support from alumni and successful 'Rem events - Summervention and NRRT. The event, held at Soho, drew high attendance and unfolded without incident, in stark contrast to the contentious atmosphere of the official Convention.

With the old guard of Adelaide starting to die out, this year also saw the emergence of a Monash-UQ rivalry. Earlier in the year at NRRT, there had been a lot of tension between the two teams as they shared the fastest rowers in the 'Rem community. They competed in CPC with 2 re-rows in the round of 8, Monash won and then got KO'd by Adelaide, as per tradition. Monash Cascade finally secured a medal after years of near misses, marking a high point for their delegation. This year was UQ's first win in the Pipps Cup after consistent training sessions held at skølling parties and 'Rem nights. While not placing in Cascade, multiple rowers had already secured sub-3 second rows, uplifting them from their downtrodden slow row state. These included Head-to-Head and Homecoming (formerly known as Break 'n' Enter), who would play key roles in UQ's future wins.

POST-HOBART
2020-2021: THE BAD TIMES
The global COVID-19 pandemic disrupted plans for the 2020 and 2021 Conventions, which were expected to bring CPC back into a more prominent role under supportive organising teams. Although the pandemic paused formal conventions, it allowed for the growth of non-official events and online communities like SPUDS, where CPC and 'Rem traditions could continue in a different form. Zoom rowing events were organised to train in these trying times (Fig 3).

For UQ, a system to break down rowing in its key parts was developing, with important figures helping to spread the good word.
The Hype Woman: Jackin' Jill championed skølling both in QLD and to an extent nationally. She didn't do it alone, but she had more passion and enthusiasm than anyone else for sure. Acting as a frontwoman for a typically male-dominated sport, she created a lot of excitement around CPC and skølling, using this to recruit at every event she could. Inspired by the Monash Facebook page, she started a UQ one, skølling was no longer a boys club, it was sexy! (Fig 4).

The Secretary: Behind the hype was the meticulous maintenance of The Spreadsheet, which was the most accurate way of measuring improvement (Fig 5, Fig 6). Homecoming was a huge proponent of timing each row, filming them, and standardising the timing (i.e. timing from "row" until cup above head). While getting recruits in the door was important, the single initiative that had the biggest impact on QLD rowing was the spreadsheet. Organised into annual rolling averages, sorted by PB, the spreadsheet was a huge motivator, everyone wanted to be on top. This tradition is an integral part of any UQ training session.

The Coach: While coaching was a shared role, Head-to-Head pioneered the 3-step approach to skølling. Initially, this was developed through the filming and timing of groups to identify trends of faster rowers. Experiments with various hand positions, mouth/head positioning, body angles, phases of respiration, etc., were all conducted. However, 3 persisting elements in each experiment tended to yield faster and cleaner rows.
1. A quick pick up with minimal spillage.
2. A wide open mouth to receive the fluid and swallow it in minimal gulps,
3. and lastly, a quick continuous flick.
Breaking down a row into these key components made rowing accessible, allowing people to focus on bite-sized pieces until they plateaued and could focus on another aspect. People improved rapidly, and retention did too. With these roles now entrenched in UQ rowing culture, training was a well-oiled machine.

2022-2024 Spartan Supremacy
Post-COVID, CPC was run by 'Remier League students and alumni who were passionate about the event. In 2023, running CPC was officially incorporated into an NHA role to support the event. 2022 CPC was held at the Greenroof Pub in Newcastle, and is often reflected on fondly for its' absolutely electric ambiance. After a 2-year hiatus, CPC returned hoping to mend a broken relationship with AMSA, while also demonstrating the event's ability to thrive independently. The Colosseum-style set up lent itself to a very epic setup (Fig 7), with tiered viewing and amazing acoustics for intervarsity chanting.

The UQ Spartans were a dedicated team of rowers who had been selected from 'Remier League enthusiasts across all year levels. They trained together in the months leading up to Convention, knowing that with Adelaide finally being dead, they would have a chance to claim the competition from Monash. Training occurred mostly weekly in the Brisbane SPUD house garage. Relying on the coaching from elders, multiple team members saw seconds shaved off from their pick-ups and flicks. The Cascade team was stacked with experienced rowers as well as new and upcoming rowers. The Pipps team, however, was entirely fresh, including the Captain (me). With a last-minute -almost- substitution of Rerose (serious Conventionitis), no one knew what to expect. Both teams came home with gold medals after an intensely competitive event, a first for UQ Cascade.

Coming off the high of 2022, the UQ Cascade team was faced with 7 out of 8 rowers graduating or moving away. Luckily, our Pipps team was still completely intact and could be shuffled around to accommodate for the Cascade loss. Essentially starting from scratch on the Cascade team, the captains, Goods and Services, and Rerose, realised the pool of eligible 'Rem-based rowers had shrunk significantly. Our horizons needed to expand in the recruitment phase. Having Rerose and myself row in front of first years at Med Camp to introduce the boat racing competition piqued a lot of students' curiosity, particularly the boys. Us beating them in races and them demanding a re-row served as a lucrative gateway to filling the Cascade team spots; thus began our non-'Rem recruitment strategy. In this period, we also had several non-skøllers try it out and experience ascension (e.g. Neighbours, Gutter Muffin) (Fig 8).

A HUGE benefit to UQ that year was that Convention was in the Gold Coast, as many of our new rowers were not financially invested in attending the whole conference. To sweeten the deal and encourage them to be on the team, the red and yellow speed dealer sunglasses were distributed (Fig 9). UQ took home the gold for Pipps Cup and also won Cascade with 2 girls on the team (Fig 10).

CPC 2024 was another rough start, with multiple factors working against UQ:
1. Rockhampton and Bundaberg had claimed 4 out of our 12 Cascade and Pipps rowers, including our Cascade captain, and Bonza (airline with direct flights from Rocky-Melbourne for cheap) had just gone under.
2. Convention this year was in Melbourne, which made it expensive. 4 more rowers from the 2023 could not afford to compete.
3. 1 2023 team member graduated.
Our remaining members were Rerose, Goods and Services, and myself, as I wasn't letting Rocky keep me from CPC. 9 spots had to be filled. Given the huge financial barrier, recruitment was shifted to those already planning on attending Convention. These students trained rigorously and halved their skølling times. Two of the final team members were recruited and trained at Convention after realising how good they were. Again, the UQ speedies were distributed and gave everyone a newfound confidence and sense of UQ pride. However, none of this would have been possible without the encouragement of older talent and a solid system to take fresh rowers to all stars. For the third time, with 3 double rowers in the finals, UQ took home gold. This time, with half the Cascade team being girlies. Not only did we win the competitions, UQ also took home Quickest and Cleanest in both categories. A momentous achievement with years and years of build-up. Crazy to think we started from an almost empty team, to an almost full team, with double rowers, fresh rowers recruited at Convention, and still managed to win (Fig 11).

DISCUSSION
There is a common misconception that UQ just has good rowers. While it does get easier to find the right people and train the team every time we win, you have to remember most of the 2024 winning team were very bad to start, myself included. We will probably never reach the heights of the 2010 UTAS 8-second whole team row, but we've managed to do the right thing in this particular climate, where no one else seems to be putting in the effort.

So after reviewing the history, you're probably like cool thanks, but how does this make a team row faster? Here are some recommendations of specific strategies that helped UQ the last 3 years:

1) Recruitment Med Camp is a great recruitment ground, but any event can be a chance to recruit. Not everyone will be amazing at skølling to start, and if they are, that's great! To target both of these groups and encourage them to row, we used the classic adage that "sex sells", that's right, making rowing sexy! Up and coming rowers are inspired by the underdog story that MANY UQ rowers have experienced personally, this is important to talk about in recruitment phases. A successful rower doesn't have to be fast at the start, they just need to be willing to keep trying and learn new ways of doing things. We also found that male medical students tend to think highly of themselves. Leveraging the patriarchy, we pit them against talented female rowers, and when they lose, they become determined to change this. Emasculation is a genuinely effective strategy to recruit new boys to Cascade. GIRLS CAN SKØLL A BEER, and they are one of the most valuable assets in inspiring new rowers.

2) Opportunities - Training should be consistent. It doesn't have to be only at skølling nights, any 'Rem night can be rowing practice, rowing should be accessible and fun for people irrespective of whether it's your 100th row or your first. Any time you drink liquid can be rowing practice (e.g. in the shower, consumption for toilet hands, etc.) Which brings me to my next recommendation:

3) Regulation cups - JUST BUY THEM. It's worth it to simulate what the real event is like.

4) THE SPREADSHEET Filming and recording times filming to examine form is important and serves as a great benchmark for continuous improvement; this also allows for TIMES to be measured objectively.
a. Recorded evidence of a row allows the skøller to improve sections of the 3 parts of a row: pick up, row and flick.
b. Finding hand, body, and head position for fastest pick up.
c. Reducing gulps increasing mouthfuls of liquid.
d. Increasing flick speed
e. MAKE SURE TO UPLOAD TIMES TO SPREADSHEET!

5) Soda water I would highly recommend investing in a SodaStream. It is more cost-effective than soda water bottles, and also means rowing doesn't have to be with alcoholic beverages. Beware the first row always hurts.

6) MEMES - It's important to laugh at how seriously we take rowing, the intense analysis of its many parts can be disturbing to new people, but making it into a meme creates levity and also gives IYKYK vibes. Having a FB page for updates and a group chat for more casual discussion helped to create an inclusive and supportive group. It's also important to make meme/post photos about specific people's improvement, so that they are recognised and appreciated. Cascade and Pipps are team-based events, the whole team needs to feel good.

7) HYPE SONG- Have a team song to use for hype; the UQ Pipps song in 2022 was Throat Goat by Kim Petras, and it continues to serve as a mantra for the team to this day. 2 years later the holy trinity of skølling was named as Mongo, Head-to-Head and Kim Petras (Fig 12).

8) Invest energy into your slowest rowers, not just the fast ones. Many of our gold medallists were 6+ second starters, and through consistent nurturing, encouragement, and trying different things, they overcame all obstacles to be consistent sub-3 rowers.

9) Team merch The red speedies given out in 2023 really improved team morale, looked scary to our opponents, and are now a nice piece of memorabilia to be like, yeah, we slayed. In 2024 people aspired to have a pair and join the team, so when they received them it was a huge honour and motivator to do well.

CONCLUSION
Maybe there is something in the XXXX up in QLD, or maybe we've genuinely cracked the code on successful skølling in a post-COVID world. It's up to you to figure that one out.

REFERENCES
1. NAFLD Audit into fast liquid dynamics- Corroborated in NAFLD article July 2020- queenslander entrenched skølling culture
2. Coppafeel TC. Theoretical Fluid Consumption Terminal Velocity in the Average Adult Male. Coppafeel 'ublishing; 2006.